Sender Comments
Description
Objective:Verify PIE record workflow process. 

Acceptance Criteria: The script should be executed successfully. 

Pre-Requisites: 
N/A 

Parameters: 
See Parameters Tab if any 
Run Details
Run ID	12891
Exec Date	2016-12-20
Exec Time	17:51:41
Host	WDPYUSMJ12Y2X
Status	Passed
Duration	5709
Tester	joconn15
Operating System	Windows 7
OS Service Pack	Service Pack 1
OS Build Number	Build 7601
Test Version Number	5
Configuration ID	4314
Draft Run	N
Comments	
  
Elmo, Aurelie <amartin6>, 26/12/2016: Q CSV post execution approval
Type	MANUAL
Test Set ID	45642
Name	UAT Scripts
Open Date	2016-12-20
Close Date	2016-12-31
Status	Closed
Modified	2016-12-31 09:38:12
Comments on closure	
Elmo, Aurelie 31/12/2016 15:38:11:TestSet Status has been changed from Open to Closed.No comments have been entered--------------------
Type	hp.qc.test-set.default
Test ID	3314
Test Name	UAT-REACT-PIE-001 - Verify Product Issue Escalation Process
Subject	UAT Scripts
Status	Approved
Designer	achoudh9
Creation Date	2016-12-20
Type	MANUAL
Test plan	IM-SYSTEM
Test objective	F_Specification
Test risk class	Medium
Execution Status	Passed
Modified	2018-08-21 15:17:38
Version Status	Checked_In
Version Number	5
ID	4314
Test ID	3314
Name	UAT-REACT-PIE-001 - Verify Product Issue Escalation Process
Created by	achoudh9
Creation date	2016-12-20
Execution Status	Passed
Modified	2016-12-20 17:51:41
Data State	0
Run Steps
Name	Description	Expected Result	Actual Result	Status
Step 1	
Login to TW ETS <<<environment>>> with permissions to create a PIE record.
Logged into TW ETS <<<environment>>>.
Logged into TW QTS QA enviornment as Gen Initiator 27
Passed
Step 2	
Create a new PIE record by entering all required fields and save the record. 
Add print screen of the record created from the TrackWise Desktop.
New PIE record is created and saved. 
Print screen of the record is added.
Create new PIE record
Entered required fields
Added PIA Facilitator
Saved Record
Passed
Step 3	
Log out as Initiator, and Login back as the PIA Facilitator. 
Verify that the PIA facilitator has received the Notification. 
Add print screen of the Notification.
As a PIA facilitator received the notification when the record is created and in Opened State. 
Print screen is added.
Logged out as Initiator
Logged in as PIA Faciliator
Verified notification
Print screen attached
  
Passed
Step 4	
Verify Meeting Minutes can be created from Opened state of the record. 
Record MM created as MM #1 
Add print screen of the meeting minutes record from TrackWise Desktop.
Meeting Minutes can be created from the opened state of the record. 
Print screen is added.
Verified Meeting Minute document can be created from Opened state
Added print screen per step
Passed
Step 5	
Verify as a PIA Facilitator, 'Completed Initial Assessment' activity can be performed by applying e-signature. 
Post the Summary. 
Verify 'PIA Required' is set to Yes 
Add print screen of the esignature window.
As a PIA Facilitator, Completed Initial Assessment activity can be performed by applying eisgnature. 
Print screen is added.
Verified activity was available
Changed PIA Required = Yes
Printed screenshots
Passed
Step 6	
Verify the PIE record moves to 'Investigation Required TollGate' state.
The record moves to 'Investigation Required TollGate' state.
Verified PIE moved to Investigation Required Tollgate
Attached screenshot
Passed
Step 7	
Refresh Desktop. 
Verify the PIE record moves to Investigation is Progress state. 
Add screen print of the record state from TrackWise desktop.
PIE record moves to Investigation is Progress state. 
Print screen is added from the desktop.
Verified document moved to Investigation in Progress state
Added screenshot
Passed
Step 8	
Verify PIA Facilitator can perform the Revise activity. Fill the activity Summary. 
Verify the record progresses back to 'Opened' State. 
Add screen print of the record state from TrackWise desktop.
PIE record moves to 'Opened' state. 
Print screen is added from the desktop.
Verified Revise activity was available
Posted the revise activity
Attached screenshots
Passed
Step 9	
Progress the record to 'Investigation in Progress' state. 
Add Print screen of the record.
Record progresses to "Investigation in Progress" 
Print screen is added.
Progressed record to Investigation in Progress
Attached screenshots
Passed
Step 10	
Verify PIA Facilitator can perform "Create PIA Record" activity within the record. Fill the activity Summary. 
Verify the record state moves to "Awaiting PIA Creation" and is in Locked State. 
Add screen print of the record state from TrackWise desktop.
Opened the PIE record and performed "Create PIA Record" activity. Record progresssed to "Awaiting PIA Creation" and is in Locked state. Print screen is added from the desktop.
Verified Create PIA Record activity was available
Posted activity
Verified record moved to Awaiting PIA Creation
Added screenshots
Passed
Step 11	
Refresh the desktop. 
Verify PIA record is created as a child of the PIE record. 
Record the new PIA created as PIA #1. 
Note the record Number. 
Add screen print of the record state from TrackWise desktop.
PIA #1 record created. Record number noted. Print screen is added from the desktop.
Verified PIA record is created and child of PIE
PIA record number is 319680
Added screenshots
Passed
Step 12	
Verify the PIE record moves to 'Investigation in Progress' state.
Record progresses back to 'Investigation in Progress' state
Verified PIE record is in Investigation in Progress state
Passed
Step 13	
Verify Meeting Minutes can be created from 'Investigation in Progress' state of the record. Verify General Action can be created from 'Investigation in Progress' state of the record. Record GA created as GA #1 
Record MM created as MM #2 
Add print screen of the meeting minutes and General action records from TrackWise Desktop.
MM #2 and GA #1 records were created in opened state. Print screen is added from the desktop.
Verified Meeting Minute and General Action can be created from PIE in Investigation in Progress
Created Meeting Minute Doc MM #2 319682
Created General Action GA #1 319683
Screenshots attached
Passed
Step 14	
Verify PIA Facilitator, can perform the 'QRB Emergency' acitvity by selecting QRB Required = Yes. Fill the Activity Summary. Apply the Electronic Signature. 
Add print screen of the record state from TrackWise Desktop.
Record progressed to Quality Review Board Review state. Electronic Signaure Applied. Print screen is added from the desktop.
Verified QRB Emergency was available in state
Applied e-sig
Attached all screenshots
Passed
Step 15	
Verify PIA Facilitator, can perform the 'Revise' activity when record is in Quality Review Board Review state. Fill the Summary. 
Verify the record progresses back to "Opened" State. 
Add screen print of the record state from TrackWise desktop.
PIE record moves back to "Opened" state. 
Print screen is added from the desktop.
Verified Revise was available in QRB Review
Posted activity
Applied e-sig
Verified PIE in Opened state
Screenshots attached
Passed
Step 16	
Verify PIA Facilitator can progress the record to "Quality Review Board Review" state. 
Add screen print of the record state from TrackWise desktop.
PIE record moves back to "Quality Review Board Review" state from "Opened" state. 
Print screen is added from the desktop.
Moved PIE record to Investigation in Progress
Confirmed acitivty Quality Review Board Review was available
Moved PIE into QRB Review state
Passed
Step 17	
Verify Meeting Minutes can be created from "Quality Review Board Review" state of the record. 
Verify General Action can be created from "Quality Review Board Review" state of the record. 
Verify Field Action can be created from "Quality Review Board Review" state of the record. 
Record GA created in this step as GA #2 
Record MM created in this step as MM #3 
Record FA created in this step as FA #1 
Add print screen of the GA #2, MM #3 and FA #1 records from TrackWise Desktop.
MM #3, GA #2 and FA #1 records were created in opened state. Print screen is added from the desktop.
Verified ability to create all records
Created GA #2 319685
Created MM #3 319687
Created FA #1 319684
Added all print screens
Passed
Step 18	
Verify all the Meeting Minutes, Field Actions and PIA records created in this test are in closed state.
All the Meeting Minutes, General Actions and PIA records are closed.
Verified all records created in this test are in closed state
Screenshot attached
Passed
Step 19	
Verify PIA Facilitator can perform the 'Send for Approvals' activity for PIE record. Fill the Summary. 
Verify Electronic Signature is required. Add screen prints.
PIE record progresses to "Awaiting Prod Issue Escalation Approvals" state. 
Applied Electronic Signature 
Print screen is added from the desktop.
Verified PIA Facilitator can post Send for Approvals Actiivty
Verified e-sig
Screenshots attached
Passed
Step 20	
Log out and log in as Approvers as required. Verify the Approvers can approve the assigned activities for the PIE record. 
Verify Electronic Signatures is required. 
Add screen print of the electronic signature window.
PIE record progresses to "Awaiting Prod Issue Escalation Approvals" state. Applied Electronic Signatures 
Print screen is added from the Electronic signature window.
Logged in as each approver
Verified activity was available to approve record
Verified e-sig appeared for each approver
Printed all screens and attached
Passed
Step 21	
Verify PIA Facilitator can perform the 'Close PIA Investigation' for PIE record. 
Verify the record moves to 'Closed' state. 
Add screen print of the record state from TrackWise desktop.
PIE record progresses to "Closed" state and in Locked state. 
Print screen is added from the desktop.
Verified the PIE progressed to closed state
Screenshots attached
Passed
Step 22	
Logout of TW ETS <<<environment>>>
Logged out of TW ETS <<<environment>>>.
Logged out of QA
Passed
